I said Longjingtian
Your daughter has learned to steal
You have to take the time to change your clothes
What's the matter, do you have the nerve to ask?
Long Jingtian, you really know how to educate children?
Long Yueyue is good, don't learn to steal
What a shame
Dad, I don't have it.
Because nothing was stolen.
Okay, it's really a mouse child who can punch holes
The upper beam is not correct and the lower beam is crooked.
Miss Song, as this bastard's uncle
I support the main party of the Dragon Guard
We all support Protector Rong
Don't be merciful!
Everyone in the room is watching
Your family has a thief
He still dares to steal from Long Shao's territory
What else does he dare not do?
I remember now.
Are you Ye Fanxin?
You are not the famous shameless in Beicheng
Broken shoes? Unmarried and pregnant were kicked out of the house?
Good idea.
Sure enough, is the family not entering the same door?
Talk to me carefully
You can't be this bastard's father, can you?
Dressed like a dog
It's all an illusion
Your child is not well educated
I will help you educate
Don't make me climb mountains
Before the matter is investigated clearly
No one can frame my daughter